{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Doug Hatcher}{\operator Doug Hatcher}{\creatim\yr2002\mo7\dy13\hr20\min2}{\revtim\yr2002\mo7\dy13\hr20\min2}{\version2}
{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords313}{\nofchars1789}{\*\company Superterran XP}{\nofcharsws2197}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1 This Superterran Key Generator 1.0 the superterran
. This program was inspired by the Screensavers! (That show's off the heazy!). I was watching, and i saw my role model Leo Laporte (I'm pretty sure it was Leo, it's like 3 in the morn' ya 
know) talking about passwords. And since my passwords are usually pretty short (But really hard to break, HAHA!) i figured that when i want to come up with another password, instead of brainstorming about random numbers and letters, i'd do somthing useful
 
and write a program to do that for me. My hopes for this simple little program is for it to end up in Megan's E-Mail inbox and to have her talk about it, not only becasuse i want to have this program and my website featured on national tv, but because Mea
g
an's hott. I mean come on, if you are a female, and an on-air personallity for Tech TV, then the chances are your hott. I mean come on, You have Megan, Jessica, Morgan, Beckie, Sumi, Kris, Erica, Kate, Michella, Stacce, Jennifer, Victoria (CGI Character, 
T
ilde ~ That's somthing for Chris to marvel at) and now i go cry because i know the names of all there on air's, I can't help if i watch that channel too much! Well anyways, before i start talking about Marty, Patric and the gnome, i will talk about the pr
o
gram a little. It's way to simple to need a text, but you enter how many characters you want it to be, select the format (Letter, Numbers or both) and click generate. your secure password pop's out. You can stop worryn' about those password crackers. This
 
program is for Windows (I'll make this to a java applet soon) and all your password wo'es are over. Now you can spend all the time you were going to spend making a password doing somthing productive, like visiting my website (http://superterran.tripod.com
)
 or e-mailin' me (thesuperterran@hotmail.com). Go ahead, have fun. Oh yeah, this program is FREEWARE, so give it out and stuff. if you put it on your website, please e-mail me to let me know! and of corce, this software in no way gurentee's that nobody ca
n guess your password, and on the off chance (i mean really far off) this software damages your computer, i am not liable.Thanks, and enjoy!}{\f1\fs20 
\par }}